TKO-AWS 1.5.1 RA and DG changes (#96)
vmware-tanzu-labs/tanzu-validated-solutions: src/reference-designs/tko-on-aws.md

This reference design uses Tanzu Kubernetes Grid to manage the lifecycle of multiple Kubernetes workload clusters by bootstrapping a Kubernetes management cluster with the Tanzu command line tool. Consider the following when configuring the network for Tanzu Kubernetes Grid:

> * Use an internal load balancer scheme. We recommend creating an internal load balancer as a best practice to avoid exposing the Kubernetes API to the public Internet.To avoid creating a public-facing load balancer you can set AWS_LOAD_BALANCER_SCHEME_INTERNAL to true in the cluster configuration file `AWS_LOAD_BALANCER_SCHEME_INTERNAL: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use an internal load balancer scheme. A best practice is to create an internal load balancer to avoid exposing the Kubernetes API to the public Internet. To avoid creating a public-facing load balancer, you can set AWS_LOAD_BALANCER_SCHEME_INTERNAL to true in the cluster configuration file `AWS_LOAD_BALANCER_SCHEME_INTERNAL: true`
```

Control Feature Comparison](https://content.cdntwrk.com/files/aT0xMjk5NjY3JnY9OSZpc3N1ZU5hbWU9dG1jLWNvbXBhcmlzb24tY2hhcnQmY21kPWQmc2lnPTc2YTA2N2E4MWRjMmVkNjE0ZDcwMTlmNjc4NjhmMjI4).  

To Register your management or supervisor cluster for management through Tanzu Mission Control, navigate to **Administration > Management Cluster** on the Tanzu Mission Control console and follow the prompts.

![Tanzu Mission Control Register Management cluster](./img/tko-on-aws/tmc-register-management-cluster.jpg)

To attach your cluster for management through Tanzu Mission Control, navigate to **Clusters > Attach Cluster** on the Tanzu Mission Control console and follow the prompts.

> **Note:** If a workload cluster under management requires a proxy to access the Internet, you can use the Tanzu Mission Control CLI to [generate the YAML](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Mission-Control/services/tanzumc-using/GUID-97672F56-2AD4-46E6-94E1-805ED38D06C7.html) necessary to install Tanzu Mission Control components on it.

![Tanzu Mission Control attach cluster](./img/tko-on-aws/tmc-attach-cluster-screen.png)

## Ingress and Load Balancing

> Tanzu Kubernetes Grid requires load balancing for both the control plane and the workload clusters. Tanzu Kubernetes Grid for AWS uses Elastic load balancers for the control plane and workload clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tanzu Kubernetes Grid requires load balancing for both the control plane and the workload clusters. Tanzu Kubernetes Grid for AWS uses elastic load balancers for the control plane and workload clusters.
```

![Tanzu Observability availability dashboard](./img/tko-on-aws/tanzu-observability-availability-dashboard.png)

Prometheus and Grafana are user-managed packages available with Tanzu Kubernetes Grid. For more information about packages bundled with Tanzu Kubernetes Grid, see [Install and Configure Packages](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Kubernetes-Grid/1.5/vmware-tanzu-kubernetes-grid-15/GUID-packages-index.html). For more information about user-managed packages, see [User-Managed Packages](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Kubernetes-Grid/1.5/vmware-tanzu-kubernetes-grid-15/GUID-packages-user-managed-index.html)

### Log Forwarding

> Tanzu also includes Fluent Bit for integration with logging platforms such as vRealize, Log Insight Cloud, and Elasticsearch. Please see  [Fluent Bit Documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Kubernetes-Grid/1.5/vmware-tanzu-kubernetes-grid-15/GUID-packages-logging-fluentbit.html) for various logging providers.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tanzu also includes Fluent Bit for integration with logging platforms such as vRealize, Log Insight Cloud, and Elasticsearch. See  [Fluent Bit Documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Tanzu-Kubernetes-Grid/1.5/vmware-tanzu-kubernetes-grid-15/GUID-packages-logging-fluentbit.html) for various logging providers.  
```
